today the view at jk iguatemi and we will go
show you
the exhibition forever now and come
directly from the museum the guti of florence
when the brand turned 90 years they
decided to make a museum that celebrated
the history and trajectory of the brand
boutique is an eternal success
here we have incredible parties that
came to Brazil that have not yet been
nowhere else is this first
stop of this museum with itinerant collection
brazil and force field and should display
exchange chances
uai jk wedding brasil oab que osmar
Christian in Brasilia would be the serial
involves almost released another 11 pieces
old or sped is is julieta
learn the idea in fact is that the
west 9 school space cause
show santa ynez before an important
boss of brazilian day in design to
one of the coolest things of here
exposure as if it were a carpet
red with some dresses that were
used by celebrities shows is a
beautiful person that goes through all the
large boot lines bamboo net granddaughter
haute couture, everything that the
their history and there's a lot to see
besides a whole visual thing
Oh, I think I 'm sure that the
people are going to love to see but I
I want to see anywhere in the world that
I think it's very cool here from Brazil.
an exhibition of this part of the museum is
how to be visiting métropole na wok
that we will see the positions of
other brands and such is it
happening now also in brazil then
I think this is great.
Great time to be a part of it.
network that brings out the best and you do not
Be late helping but always
you can see in your own city too
visit
the arvelo evert billie fire and cold
collection 'islam and sometimes country votes
white night collection
Shock thing in sub-15 okay
just go down predicted